# Summary

- EC2 connect to RDS using IAM role
  - IAM database authentication works with MySQL and PostgreSQL.
  - you can create and assign an IAM Role to your EC2 instances, you still need to configure your RDS to use IAM DB Authentication.
    - This is in the UI when create the RDS db

- S3 client side encryption
  - use S3 client-side encryption with a client-side master key
    - it encrypte before sending to AWS
    - reuqires
      - AWS KMS-managed customer master key
      - a client-side master key

- Using KMS and Lambda
  - Create a new KMS key and use it to enable encrption helpers that leverage on AWS Key Management Service to store and encrypt the sensitive information
    - Explain
      - AWS Lambda encrypts the ENV in the function by default, but it's using the default key which other user login to the AWS console can still see them
        - I can check enable helpers for encryption in transit
        - need to create my own AWS KMS key and choose it instead of the default key
        - then I encrypte the ENV variables
        - there is also code example that I can find in the AWS console

- A traffic monitoring and reporting application uses Kinesis to accept real-time data. In order to process and store the data, they used Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to load the streaming data to various AWS resources. Which of the following services can you load streaming data into?
  - Amazon Elasticsearch Service
    - explain
      - Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose is the easiest way to load streaming data into data stores and analytics tools
      - It can capture, transform, and load streaming data into Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Elasticsearch Service, and Splunk, enabling near real-time analytics with existing business intelligence tools and dashboards you’re already using today.
      - It is a fully managed service that automatically scales to match the throughput of your data and requires no ongoing administration. It can also batch, compress, and encrypt the data before loading it, minimizing the amount of storage used at the destination and increasing security.
    - not
      - Amazon S3 Select
      - Redshift Spectrum
        - explain
          - they are functions in the S3 and Redshift services
          - S3 Select is an Amazon S3 feature that makes it easy to retrieve specific data from the contents of an object using simple SQL expressions without having to retrieve the entire object. Amazon Redshift Spectrum is a feature of Amazon Redshift that enables you to run queries against exabytes of unstructured data in Amazon S3 with no loading or ETL required.

- You are managing a suite of applications in your on-premises network which are using trusted IP addresses that your partners and customers have whitelisted in their firewalls. There is a requirement to migrate these applications to AWS without requiring your partners and customers to change their IP address whitelists. Which of the following is the most suitable solution to properly migrate your applications?
  - Create a Route Origin Authorization (ROA) then once done, provision and advertise your whitelisted IP address range to your AWS account

- Accelerate DynamoDB
  - mazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache that can reduce Amazon DynamoDB response times from milliseconds to microseconds, even at millions of requests per second.

- In a government agency that you are working for, you have been assigned to put confidential tax documents on AWS cloud. However, there is a concern from a security perspective on what can be put on AWS. What are the features in AWS that can ensure data security for your confidential documents? (Choose 2)
  - S3 Server-Side Encryption
  - S3 Client-Side Encryption
    - not
      - EBS On-Premises Data Encryption (no such service)
      - S3 On-Premises Data Ecryption (no such service)

- An application that records weather data every minute is deployed in a fleet of Spot EC2 instances and uses a MySQL RDS database instance. Currently, there is only one RDS instance running in one Availability Zone. You plan to improve the database to ensure high availability by synchronous data replication to another RDS instance. Which of the following performs synchronous data replication in RDS?
  - RDS DB instance running as a Multi-AZ deployment

- You are a newly-hired Solutions Architect in a leading utilities provider, which is in the process of migrating their applications to AWS. You created an EBS-Backed EC2 instance with ephemeral0 and ephemeral1 instance store volumes attached to host a web application that fetches and stores data from a web API service. If this instance is stopped, what will happen to the data on the ephemeral store volumes?
  - Data will be deleted

<!-- Question 25 -->
